What!
Has Dongcheng District been included in the new development project?
I made a lot of money.
Hahaha congratulations congratulations congratulations congratulations
Congratulations congratulations
Urban development is a multi-billion dollar project
What else can Xiao Chen say now?
Without the support of the Lin family
You're a piece of shit
You think too highly of yourself.
Tell him what you just said.
young master
Dongcheng District is included in the new urban development project
But what?
When archaeologists excavate
Found a group of ancient tombs underground
The project was suspended.
What do you like in the painting?
you
Lied to me, right?
How could he say pause and pause?
Say it, what I said is true
They have given notice.
It's true.
This development has really been renamed West Side
Du Chen was really told by you
Du Chen, I really didn't see you wrong.
Hahahaha
3 billion 3 billion so beautiful
Third brother, remember the long skills next time, no.
This 3 billion your last asset
You don't have a next chance haha
Mr. Lin, let's go
Du Chen Du Chen
This Du Chen
At that time, I really knew that the second parent was different
I want to wait for my three years
How can I suffer from this stillbirth?
30 years is not a small sum of money